# Project Proposal
We would like to build a two-player, turn-based fighter that is a cross between 
Pokémon and Roshambo, or more popularly known as “Rock-Paper-Scissors.” When 
players visit the site, they will be prompted to enter a game name. After 
entering, they will be able to choose a character to play as from the list of 
options. Once one other opponent joins by entering the same game name, the game 
will begin. Any other players who try to join this game will be prompted with 
the message, “This game is currently full.” 

Players will see the characters they chose rendered on the screen, each attached 
with a health bar of 100 health points. On a player’s turn, she will be able to 
use one of three attacks by pressing the corresponding key: Q, W, or E. The 
attacks follow the conventions of “Rock-Paper-Scissors” in the sense that each 
attack is superior to one attack but inferior to another. A round ends once each 
player has chosen her attack and the damage dealt has been calculated. If both 
players choose the same attack, then neither player will incur damage for that 
round. If the attacks are different, then the player who chose the inferior 
attack will incur damage. The game ends when one player’s health reaches zero, 
and the winner is the player who is still alive. 

One additional feature that we will implement is a multiplier: the damage dealt 
each round will increase on each consecutive win. For example, if Player 1 wins 
(i.e., chooses the superior attack) the first round, then she will deal -10 
damage, which is the base damage, to her opponent. If she wins again the next 
round, then she will earn a 1.5x multiplier and be able to deal -15 damage to 
her opponent. The multiplier will be capped at 2x the base damage, meaning that 
the maximum damage that a player can deal in a single round is -20, and will 
reset back to 1x, or -10 damage, on the fourth consecutive win. The multiplier 
will also reset if the opponent chooses either the same attack or a superior 
attack. After a reset, the player has a chance to earn the multiplier again.
